and what is up everybody welcome to the
Michael Warbucks show happy tuesday to
you running low on time short show today
let's get on with the news our first
story of the day that I do want to cover
in full effect and that is the Hawthorne
California Police Department yesterday
this video surfaced online with a guy
filming the police taking care of some
situation I think it was a robbery in
this neighborhood now this guy is
walking his rottweiler and his
Rottweiler is just minding its own
business doing its own thing now the man
that you see Leon Rosby is somehow being
charged for interference during this
whole entire standoff on Leon is doing
is filming the police officers you're
allowed to do that but the police report
goes on to say that he was blaring loud
music and I really didn't hear any loud
music during this video so the cops tell
me I look you need to put your dog in
the car and we're gonna arrest you for
interference Leon goes puts the dog into
the car and he goes over to police nice
and calm puts his hands behind his back
the police arrest them and then the
Rottweiler starts snapping out his
Leon's getting arrested the Rottweiler
jumps out of the car and goes directly
over to the owner Rottweiler are still
being calm sniffing the owner seen
what's up and then the cop makes this
weird jerking motion which kind of
scares the dog the Rottweiler goes over
to police officer the police officer
freaks out the dog freaks out and then
this police officer shoots the
Rottweiler I am NOT going to show you
that part of the video it is just
terribly terribly heartbreaking to watch
now in the description below I have
given you links to the full video please
watch with caution and 2 i've given you
a link to the Hawthorne Police
Department's Facebook page where you can
go and see the entire just press release
it's all bullshit I understand that you
have to protect yourself and I
understand that you got like a 120 pound
dog in front of you and then you go and
shoot this dog right in front of its
owner and it wasn't just one shot it
wasn't just two shots it might have been
three or four shots into this dog I
literally hope that you get fired from
the police department now i hope this
police department gets investigated
thoroughly I didn't see one bit of
interference from this guy and you had
no
right to arrest in the beginning I am
getting stirred up right now and I think
I should just move on to the next story
before I say something I probably should
next up there's this other video this
cousin quite a bit of controversy and it
says 18 month old baby that is just
swimming in a pool by itself with its
parents nearby people are saying why you
letting your 18 month old baby just swim
by itself what's the matter with you I
mean it is kind of freaky when you see
this toddler Elizabeth you know facedown
on water you're like oh god is she
taking her last breath that you know but
I would have loved in my parents would
have put me in a swim class at 18 months
old i mean you know much farther I'd be
than everybody else with the dads a
nurse and the moms a lifeguard and
they're both trained highly in CPR I
don't think they're just gonna throw
their kid in the water and be like hey
you work it out but it definitely is one
of those weird videos that you need to
check out because it's like terrifying
and amazing at the same time tomorrow
moving on into our hot teas of the day
the first one is Kate stouffer's from
breaking Amish who would have thought
this is what she looks like on the show
and then you put some makeup on her and
a leather skirt and mrs. what she looks
like apparently I need to start dating
Amish chicks she's gonna be in the new
maxim magazine and there are some more
pictures to go along with this also with
the fourth of July coming up this
weekend the beautiful Nina Agdal has put
on this bathing suit that makes me want
to salute the flag all day insert any
kind of flagpole joke that you could
think of she's got quite the sexy
gallery go check that out and don't
forget to say the Pledge of Allegiance
and for our happy story of the day let's
talk about this duck named buttercup he
was born with this messed up backwards
foot and finally now that he has grown
wonderful people have came to his aid
and made a 3d printed foot form he's
back to waddling a little bit more
normal now I mean just look at his face
how happy is it's pretty cool to see
that 3d printing is being put to good
use other than people making guns out of
3d prints it's a the people that did
this for a buttercup you're awesome
thank you for being great great people
and not people that shoot dogs alright
guys that's going to be today's show
also there's a couple stories down in
the description below that I didn't
cover so make sure you go and check
those out and that's going to bring this
to the comment question of the day which
is would you put an eighteen-month-old
in a pool and teach it how to swim at
that early
age let me know also don't forget that
like this video don't forget to share
don't forget to put in your favorites
and if you are new to this channel don't
forget to subscribe and you guys have a
great day stay awesome and I will see
you back here tomorrow we'll see you
then guys